Also the document verification will be done on 9th March 2026, the details regarding the same will be communicated to you in due course of time.

“Police verification must be submitted at the time of document verification/joining, if you fail to bring /submit Police verification report on the date of document verification /joining, you will not allow for the joining.”

Please bring 3 copies of offer letter along with all dully filled & signed attached joining documents set, Medical set (Must be doctor seal on each page on C-DAC format only). Also kindly bring photocopy of following documents along with originals on the date of document verification. Please note all the photocopies must be self-attested.

Documents Details :

1) Bring original Personal Particular form -Enclosed

2) Updated Personal Resume

3) Degree Certificate

4) Degree Marks sheet (All Year Marks sheet)

5) 10th Certificate & Marks sheet

6) 12th Certificate & Marks sheet

7) Caste Certificate as applicable

8) OBC non-creamy layer Certificate (If any)

9) Experience certificate as applicable

10) Reliving Certificate from Present employer (If any)

11) Pan Card (3 copies)

12) Aadhar Card as per the name & details declared in ACTS campus  (2 copies)

13) Age Proof (viz. Birth Certificate, S.S.C. Passing Certificate)

14) Photograph in softcopy (Size is attached)

15) Skill set Known Sheet (Bring in Soft Copy)

16) COVID 19 vaccination certificate at the time of document verification, preferably both or at least one.

17) 2 Character Certificates signed by two different authorities in attached C-DAC format.

18) Medical test report latest with all details filled in C-DAC format.

Please note : If you fail to bring all documents listed above, your joining will be provisional or will be kept on hold.

If you have any concern / query about joining date please send email.

Original offer letter will be handed over to you on the date of document verification/ joining.

For any query please contact HR Department -  020-25503653

Before that an online meeting explaining you about the documents to be filled and to be brought for joining, will be held tentatively on Thursday, February 26, 2026. Details about the online meeting link and timing will be shared with you shortly.

